there is I'm sorry
what are you throwing right
little jerk bait
all baitcaster Bass Pro Shop little tank
I had a double burner Bob come over a
day you know we were sitting in the
garage before coming out we said we're
gonna we're gonna make a memory
you just keep wearing them out brother
ray need fish what'd you think of that
Bob actually that's a nine foot - no
it's only about nine inch oh you talking
about that rod we do have her right I'm
throwing my rod willing to shake her out
yeah I got a pocket yep
barbar you just lifting the what big
white mess in on that outlaw yes oh yes
give a little time for it to work and
you pulled it right up
raise the kitchen the little ones and
Bob's catching the big one first place
that we pulled up on we got a pretty
good guide junior old give her they got
okay what I think
now
are you 50 years old you know when we
left of the garage a man cave today we
said we're gonna make a memory tonight
didn't we Bobby memory and a good buddy
I know why I wish everybody could be
here but at the same time right shad
fishing again it's against City crappie
yes it's another kiss okay this is a
contest to see who catches the first
fish and Ray cheated already he decided
to throw before Bob was ready look at
there
I believe Bob won that round
now some competitive that they're
throwing across one another
Bob's been blocking me over here watch
what happens now bottom I don't look
like bottom yeah he didn't miss he makes
blatant getaway please take over I'm
gonna push you man
I am taking over I'm pushing him in Bob
it's over guys I think we've got our
three limits in the LOB way or one short
one fish of a free limit got a big fish
fry coming up in Kansas City and we'd
rather had a crappie or walleye but we
saw it after some Kansas City crappie
today we call them white bass here yeah
a lot of people do their King City
crappie
and so certainly we certainly have a
mess
come out launched pretty much jr. knew
exactly where we're going to go exactly
yeah I was gonna say really really
appreciate how can you how can you do
better than catch a live three limits of
fish in what two half hours yeah just
you know when you go white bass fishing
and in both of the spots that you go to
you end up anchoring
you got a good guy